updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16639)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/extending/how-to-lock-down-endpoints-in-the-enterprise.md

>
> - Mark your common behavior with the <xref:System.Security.AllowPartiallyTrustedCallersAttribute> attribute so that it can run when deployed as a Partial Trust application. Note that a registry entry can be set on the computer to prevent APTCA-marked assemblies from running..
>

> > - Ensure that if the application is deployed as a fully-trusted application that users cannot modify the code-access security settings to run the application in a Partial Trust environment. If they can do so, the custom validator does not run and no exception is thrown. For one way to ensure this, see the `levelfinal` option using [Code Access Security Policy Tool (Caspol.exe)](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-2.0/cb6t8dtz(v=vs.80)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Ensure that if the application is deployed as a fully-trusted application that users cannot modify the code-access security settings to run the application in a Partial Trust environment. If they can do so, the custom validator does not run and no exception is thrown. For one way to ensure this, see the `levelfinal` option using [Code Access Security Policy Tool (Caspol.exe)](../../tools/caspol-exe-code-access-security-policy-tool.md).
```

    [!code-csharp[LockdownValidation#3](../../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CFX/lockdownvalidation/cs/internetclientvalidatorelement.cs#3)]

> 3. Make sure the compiled assembly is signed with a strong name. For details, see the [Strong Name Tool (SN.EXE)](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/tools/sn-exe-strong-name-tool) and the compiler commands for your language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure the compiled assembly is signed with a strong name. For details, see the [Strong Name Tool (SN.EXE)](../../tools/sn-exe-strong-name-tool.md) and the compiler commands for your language.
```
